Uncle singular or even
Double and even numbers
Oh my god I'm so scary
I can't take my life away
Why did the number of people in the live stream halve?
That's impossible.
Mom, you chose even numbers.
Anyone who even stared at the live stream is dead
What did I kill?
You wouldn't lie if you killed their mother
You devil why did you kill them
Mom, don't you like my magic tricks?
You are a weak demon
You used me
You use the number of people in my live stream.
You want to kill more people
Why did you kill them?
What's wrong with them?
What's wrong with someone who doesn't make mistakes?
I'm not your mother.
You're already dead. Damn it
That's been dead for over 30 years
I don't want you anymore.